docs: Document network MCP tools (#1892)
software-mansion/radon-ide: packages/docs/docs/features/radon-ai.md

- `view_application_logs` Returns all the build, bundling and runtime logs available to Radon IDE. If the app builds and launches successfully, this tool will also attach a screenshot of the app.
- `view_screenshot` Captures a device preview screenshot. Can help the agent with debugging issues and making UI adjustments. Currently only supported in GPT, Gemini and Claude models.
- `view_component_tree` Displays the component tree of the running app. This tool allows the agent to gain a broad understanding of the project's structure.
- `view_network_logs` Exposes network requests made by the running app. Helps the agent debug API issues and verify backend communication.

> - `view_network_request_details` Shows full details of a specific network request. Helps the agent investigate individual API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `view_network_request_details` Inspects full details of a specific network request. Enables the agent to investigate why an API endpoint is failing or returning unexpected data.
```
